Remove the explanation of Java 7. (#323)
embulk/embulk-output-jdbc: README.md

JDBC output plugins for Embulk loads records to databases using JDBC drivers.

> **[WARNING!]** The next version of embulk-output-jdbc will use embulk 0.11, and require Java 8 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[WARNING!]** The next version of embulk-output-jdbc will require Embulk v0.11 and Java 8. It may work with Java 11+, but not fully tested.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed. please take a look again when you have a time.
